temp0 = 100 integer
offset = temp0 integer
Procedure init
begin
temp4 = 1 integer
temp3 = temp4 integer
temp2 = temp3 integer
temp1 = temp2 integer
i = temp1 integer
end
Function assign_1
begin
temp7 = i integer
temp6 = temp7 integer
temp5 = temp6 integer
assign_1 = temp5 integer
end
Procedure assign_2
begin
temp10 = st integer
temp9 = temp10 integer
temp8 = temp9 integer
i = temp8 integer
end
call init 0
temp13 = i integer
temp12 = temp13 integer
temp11 = temp12 integer
writeln temp11 integer
temp19 = i integer
temp18 = temp19 integer
temp17 = temp18 integer
param temp17 integer
call assign_1 1
return temp20 integer
temp16 = temp20 integer
temp15 = temp16 integer
temp14 = temp15 integer
writeln temp14 integer
temp23 = offset integer
temp22 = temp23 integer
temp21 = temp22 integer
param temp21 integer
call assign_2 1
temp26 = i integer
temp25 = temp26 integer
temp24 = temp25 integer
writeln temp24 integer
