temp0 = 100 integer
offset = temp0 integer
Procedure init
begin
temp5 = 1 integer
temp4 = temp5 integer
temp3 = temp4 integer
temp2 = temp3 integer
temp1 = temp2 integer
i = temp1 integer
end
Function assign
begin
temp8 = st None
temp7 = temp8 None
temp6 = temp7 None
assign = temp6 None
end
call init 0
temp11 = i integer
temp10 = temp11 integer
temp9 = temp10 integer
writeln temp9 integer
temp17 = i integer
temp16 = temp17 integer
temp15 = temp16 integer
param temp15 integer
call assign 1
return temp18 integer
temp14 = temp18 integer
temp13 = temp14 integer
temp12 = temp13 integer
i = temp12 integer
temp21 = i integer
temp20 = temp21 integer
temp19 = temp20 integer
writeln temp19 integer
call wirteln 0
call i 0
temp24 = i integer
temp23 = temp24 integer
temp22 = temp23 integer
writeln temp22 integer
