offset = 100 integer
Procedure init
begin
temp3 = 1 integer
temp2 = temp3 integer
temp1 = temp2 integer
temp0 = temp1 integer
i = temp0 integer
end
Function assign
begin
Procedure init_2
begin
temp7 = 2 integer
temp6 = temp7 integer
temp5 = temp6 integer
temp4 = temp5 integer
i = temp4 integer
end
temp10 = i integer
temp9 = temp10 integer
temp8 = temp9 integer
assign = temp8 integer
end
Function assign_2
begin
Procedure init_2
begin
temp14 = 2 integer
temp13 = temp14 integer
temp12 = temp13 integer
temp11 = temp12 integer
i = temp11 integer
end
temp17 = i integer
temp16 = temp17 integer
temp15 = temp16 integer
assign = temp15 integer
end
call init 0
temp20 = i integer
temp19 = temp20 integer
temp18 = temp19 integer
param temp18 integer
call writeln 1
temp23 = i integer
temp22 = temp23 integer
temp21 = temp22 integer
param temp21 integer
call assign 1
temp26 = i integer
temp25 = temp26 integer
temp24 = temp25 integer
param temp24 integer
call writeln 1
temp32 = i integer
temp31 = temp32 integer
temp30 = temp31 integer
param temp30 integer
call assign 1
return temp33
temp29 = temp33 None
temp28 = temp29 None
temp27 = temp28 None
param temp27 None
call writeln 1
temp36 = i integer
temp35 = temp36 integer
temp34 = temp35 integer
param temp34 integer
call assign_2 1
temp39 = i integer
temp38 = temp39 integer
temp37 = temp38 integer
param temp37 integer
call writeln 1
